Days of maintaining Internal Data Centers are gone.
No longer do you have to invest a lot of money and labor upfront to buy server hardware,
to rack and stack servers,
and to maintain data centers.
The Cloud provides a new opportunity for deploying
your applications and making them accessible to the world.
Cloud services, more specifically servers in the Cloud,
have revolutionized the IT industry,
and the way we do business and allocate resources,
allowing companies of all sizes and
even individual developers to obtain new servers in minutes,
allowing us to quickly scale capacity up and
down based on the individual needs of our applications.
Servers in the Cloud allow you to build failure
resilient applications that are isolated from
common failure scenarios with capacity that can grow and shrink based on needs,
and you only pay for what you use,
and you aren't locked into long-term contracts.